# C3S2 311 bis
The overall objective for these services is to improve access to available in situ instrumental data records and to data streams from observing networks, as needed for climate change monitoring and climate science.

Goals to be addressed by the services described in this document include: improvement of the historical instrumental record by means of support to data rescue activities, quality control and homogenisation of in situ observations; harmonisation of access to data from major archives of climate observations as well as specialised networks of observing sites; development of merged collections of in situ observations suitable for climate reanalysis; development of high-resolution gridded datasets from in situ observations over Europe that are suitable for climate monitoring.

For the access to in-situ observations we shall expand and improve the range of in-situ observational series available via the climate data store. This will include standardisation of the associated documentation to aid consistency of user experience. The CDM-OBS and associated CDM-OBS-Core will continue to be maintained and access / format improvements will be undertaken. To improve efficiency of delivery of all in-situ series a new timeseries staging repository process will be implemented taking advantage of CADS developments in the early stages of C3S2. Access to comprehensive land data holdings will be improved via an additional release and enabling timely updates. Similarly comprehensive marine holdings will be updated and timely updates operationalised. Both CUON and RHARM upper-air products will be updated with timely updates instigated and gridded versions served. Improved baseline datasets from BSRN and E-Profile will be served. New and / or improved reference products will be served from GRUAN (x2), USCRN and DORIS. Further progress shall be made in serving a global repository for GNSS-PW data in support of GCOS. 

This repository will include the code for the RHARM homogenized upper-air (radiosonde) observations and for all the baseline and reference datasets covered by the C3S2 311 bis contract.

